[docs] Improve docs about registry and add links in several articles (#21882)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/platform-scaling/node/MIGRATING.md

You can configure containerd v2 as the primary container runtime either at the cluster level or for specific node groups. This runtime option enables the use of cgroups v2, provides improved security, and allows more flexible resource management.

{% alert level="info" %}

> To view the current container runtime type used by default on the cluster nodes (in a NodeGroup), use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the current container runtime type used by default in the cluster NodeGroups, use the following command:
```

```shell
d8 system edit cluster-configuration
```

> The container runtime type is specified in the `defaultCRI` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container runtime type is specified in the [`defaultCRI`](../../../../reference/api/cr.html#clusterconfiguration-defaultcri) parameter.
```
